Hey Emacs, this is a -*- text -*- file.

This is the README file for bash, the Bourne Again SHell.  This shell
comes with no documentation at this time.  There is an online help
facility, and a file called FEATURES that comes with the distribution.

When the documentation is completely finished, it will be included in
the distribution.  No partial documentation is included because it
causes complaints.

INSTALLING:

The file "Makefile" no longer needs to be edited.  In fact, to install
Bash, the simplest thing to do is to type "make".  The Bash Makefiles
will try to dynamically figure out what kind of machine and operating
system you are using, and will make an educated guess.  During the make
process a message is displayed describing what machine and OS has been
chosen (this information is also saved in the file ".machine").  If the
displayed information is incorrect, you will have to edit the file
"machines.h".  The instructions for doing so are present in that file.

The file called INSTALL gives detailed instructions on installation.
However, for most machines, simply following this simple checklist
is quite adequate:

	1) Type `make'.
	2) Wait for the compilation to finish.
	3) Type `./bash' to see if the compile worked.
	4) Type `cp ./bash /usr/gnu/bin/bash' (or wherever you
	    keep GNU binaries).

BUT WHAT IF IT DOESN'T INSTALL SO EASILY?

Read INSTALL.

REPORTING BUGS:

If you find a bug in bash, you should report it.  But first, you should
make sure that it really is a bug, and that it appears in the latest
version of Bash that you have.

Once you have ascertained that a bug really exists, you are welcome to
mail me a bug report.  If you have a fix, you are welcome to mail that
to me as well!  Suggestions and `philosophical' bug reports may be mailed
to bug-bash@ai.mit.edu.  Real bug reports may be mailed to the same
place, or to me, bfox@ai.mit.edu.

ALL bug reports should include:

	* The version number of Bash
	* The hardware and operating system
	* The compiler used to compile
	* A description of the bug behaviour
	* A short script or `recipe' which exercises the bug

Without this information, I generally cannot successfully debug Bash,
because usually, without this information, I generally cannot make the
bug manifest itself!

Enjoy,

	Brian Fox

